hey YouTube here it is again 2014 now
another whole stash to go over I'll
start here with artillery I got a case
of the USA double brakes case of the FX
comment no two cases of that two cases
of the three amigos triple bangers case
of the Eternity cannister the small
canister shells terrific boxes this is
that new mammoth artillery it's a 60
gram egg shell instead of the canisters
so you can see it's supposed to be more
symmetrical brakes more big round
circles to find there all right
Dominator brand I got three cases of
exterminators so far that's twelve boxes
I've got another six cases on standby at
the warehouse I got five cases of roman
candles gotta love those roman candle
baragas case of this rowdy rampage
packed 24 to 1 it's a crackle cake I use
it in the crackle segment I got a case
of this comet crash to Anna grammar case
of wild-west case of mobile Menace cases
silver screen and there's a sort mint
there some of my guns I've got some of
the stuff loaded already leftover shells
from last year you got a few leftover
had all them 120 tubes over there
already loaded up with exterminators and
ex cows all 60 gram candidates
and I guess I'll end this video with the
wall of 500 grammars it's not very many
so far I've still got five different
cakes that I'm buying two cases each of
so there should be another 20 cakes
added at least but I got two cases of
this war in peace
I love that cake two cases of and
fire two cases of Agent Orange two cases
of Viper two cases of mammoth brocade I
got three cases of the mammoth crackle
two cases of the mammoth strobe two
cases of trail of tears two cases of
this meltdown
two good cheap cake two cases I hit the
road jack
I've still got two cases of super Stein
two cases of cowboy two cases of
highfalutin and probably another two or
three cases of the mammoth stuff to go
I've still got a lot more to spend a lot
more trips to the warehouse so that's
just a little bit of where I'm at right
now it's gonna be another huge year I
get to do the show twice this year
hopefully no rain on the 4th pray no
rain anyway take care of you to rate
subscribe do all the goodies catch you
on the next update